Add notification and toast (#2883)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: docs/NOTIFICATION.md

### Using Redux actions

```js
dispatch({
  type: 'WEB_CHAT/SET_NOTIFICATION',
  payload: {
    alt: 'Please read our privacy policy at https://privacy.microsoft.com.'
    id: 'your-id',
    level: 'info',
    message: 'Please read our [privacy policy](https://privacy.microsoft.com/).'
  }
});
```

### Using React hooks

```js
const setNotification = useSetNotification();

setNotification({
  alt: 'Please read our privacy policy at https://privacy.microsoft.com.'
  id: 'your-id',
  level: 'info',
  message: 'Please read our [privacy policy](https://privacy.microsoft.com/).'
});
```

## Dismissing a notification

To dismiss a notification, you will need to pass the `id` to identify individual notification.

### Using Redux actions

```js
dispatch({
   type: 'WEB_CHAT/DISMISS_NOTIFICATION',
   payload: {
      id: 'your-id'
   }
});
```

### Using React hooks

```js
const setNotification = useSetNotification();

setNotification({
   id: 'your-id'
});
```

## User experience

> Web Chat implements the notification UI as toast, located above the transcript. We offer multiple style options to customize the UI. In case the design and user experience is not desirable in target applications, developers are welcomed to rebuild the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web Chat implements the notification UI as toast, which are located above the transcript. We offer multiple style options to customize the UI. In case the design and user experience are not desirable in target applications, developers are welcomed to rebuild the UI.
```

Reviewer 2: "Web Chat implements toast notifications, which are..."
```suggestion
Web Chat implements toast notifications, which are located above the transcript. We offer multiple style options to customize the UI. In case the design and user experience is not desirable in target applications, developers are welcomed to rebuild the UI.
```

Reviewer 2: @compulim please go through documentation and move away from plural pronouns?

Slow connectivity timer can now be set using `styleOptions.slowConnectionAfter` (in milliseconds) and will be updated on-the-fly.

## Customization

### Styling toaster and toast

There are multiple style options for customizing visuals of toast and toaster. You can find them at [`packages/component/src/defaultStyleOptions.js`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/master/packages/component/src/defaultStyleOptions.js).

### Customizing notification UI

Developers can hide our toaster and implement their own notification UI from scratch. To hide the default toaster, set `styleOptions.hideToaster` to true (or truthy).

### Customizing toast appearance

To customizing the appearance of toast, developers can pass a prop named `toastMiddleware` with the following middleware signature:

```js
interface NotificationRendererArgs {
  notification: Notification
}

() =>
  (next: NotificationRendererArgs => (ReactElement | false)) =>
    (notificationRenderArg: NotificationRendererArgs) =>
      element: (ReactElement | false)
```

> -  If the middleware is interested to render the notification, it should return a `ReactElement`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  If the middleware should render the notification, it should return a `ReactElement`
```

> -  If the middleware want to hide the notification, it should return `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  If the middleware should hide the notification, it should return `false`
```

> -  If the middleware is not interested about the notification, it should call `next(notificationRenderArg)` to passthrough the notification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  If the middleware should render the default notification, it should call `next(notificationRenderArg)` to passthrough the notification
```

Reviewer 2: *will return, instead of should

> Please note that arguments passed to the middleware may change from time to time. Developers should passthrough all arguments to the next middleware. The recommended code pattern is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that arguments passed to the middleware may change from time to time. Developers should pass all arguments to the next middleware. The recommended code pattern is:
```
